Tonight on part two
of the "Vanderpump Rules"
reunion...
- It's not the right time
for that.
- Is there a right time
to stick your d---
in someone who's not
your girlfriend?
- Katie was--for a long time,
she was a nightmare
of a human being.
- Why did you think
Stassi was ignorant?
You said someone should school
her white, privileged ass.
- Yeah.
- It was quite a moment
when you asked Kelsey
to call you
by your real name, Jason.
- It was just like, "Oh!"
Like, I turned into
heart eyes.
- Billie Lee.
- Actually, I looked at porn
so I could say
what vagina looks really nice.
- Well, those vaginas
are edited.
- Well, I wanted
an edited, pretty vagina.
- What does your boyfriend
make of James,
who's called him
a "fat old man"?
- I've apologized for what
I've said about Randall.
- But then you do it again.
- Oh, right,
but then I do it again,
so where the
do you want me to go from here?
- You're dismissed.
- Part two of the "Vanderpump
Rules" reunion starts now.
- ♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's for you tonight ♪
- You didn't even call me
when my father died.
Check your ----ing
text messages.
you for saying that.
- She did text you.
- Can I just have
one minute, please?
I just--I need a minute.
I'm sorry.
I've never done this,
but I need a minute.
- She did text you
about your dad.
- A text.
I had two ex-girlfriends
and a girl who hated me
show up in Michigan
without even asking.
- James even reached out
to me, man.
He was even saying, like,
"Man, I wanted to let
the things calm down."
Out of all people.
- He's upset about his dad.
He's projecting it onto you.
- I know.
- My father died!
- I know, Jax.
- I needed my friends,
because I didn't have
anybody else.
- Jax, she texted you!
Oh, a text? Ooh!
You're supposed to be
my friend over years.
I'm just looking for some love
there for a second.
- She did!
- She's coming back.
She's just crying.
And her lashes came off.
- Oh, her makeup.
you.
You can't even keep
a boyfriend!
All right, all right,
I'll drop it,
'cause I'm wrong,
and I'm not gonna win here--
- I'm not saying
you're wrong, Jax.
You're just not listening.
- No one is saying that.
- She did reach out--
- I'm 100% right.
- But, Jax, to clarify,
she did text you.
- We're talking about
the reaching out.
- And she texted Brittany
every day after,
checking on you, so...
- She was doing that,
and I will--
like, she was texting me.
- Um, no,
but I'm a professional.
- Okay.
I want to talk
about your man, Lala.
You're still together.
- Yes.
- He is a successful producer,
and let me ask you this,
because now you've been
together for a while.
- Two years, yeah.
- You're clearly very happy.
You denied, over the years,
all of the allegations
that your boyfriend
was married.
- Correct.
- It seems that maybe
he was married
when you starting dating,
correct?
- Well, when I met Rand,
he had a legal separation,
so I don't see how I did
anything wrong.
- Show of hands.
How many people here
have met Lala's man?
- I love him.
- Many times.
- Wow, everybody.
- He's super charming.
- Tom and Tom play poker
with him.
- Yeah.
- Wow.
- What does he think
of the show?
- He definitely watches.
Let's put it that way.
- He loves it.
- Tell the story about
who else watches the show.
- Martin Scorsese
loves the show.
- We inspire his works.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, he watches the show,
and I feel like he, like,
likes to sit there
and, like,
be the little gossip king.
- Who, Scorsese or--
- No, my boyfriend, Rand.
- Okay, so you've said
that your man, Randall,
loves to give you gifts.
What kind of gifts
does he give you?
- Shoes, purses, cars.
- Materialistic things.
- Everyone can sit there
and be like,
"Her man does this.
Her man does that."
It's like, "Okay,
you're just mad
'cause your man
doesn't do that," so...
Whenever I make music,
it comes out of my pocket.
My rent, my man gave me a cap,
which we are well above
the cap,
so Mama paying a lot for rent.
As far as my cars go,
it's like, "Here's the lease,
but you best be
paying insurance."
- I'm in an i8 today.
- I don't even know
what that is.
♪ ♪
- That's not yours.
- Yeah.
That's my whip
that I'm driving around for--
- Well, like Lisa,
I have it for a few months
just to, like, dink around.
- Not like Lisa;
Lisa works for it
and doesn't have somebody
to buy it for her.
- That's true.
- Okay, why is that I have
a "sugar daddy"
but James is, like,
living on some guy's floor
and his rent's being paid
and no one's--
- I pay rent.
You know I pay rent.
- I don't have a sugar daddy,
thank you very much.
- You're the one
that sits there and says
that I'm sleeping with people
to pay my rent.
- Everyone has said that
before.
- What is your
living situation?
Does someone pay your rent?
- No, no, no.
Basically, the guy has
his own bedroom,
and then I'm
in the living room, right?
And then he moves on and off
from San Francisco.
- Hey, James.
- Yo.
What's good?
Bosco!
- Making some new music, yeah.
What's your plan?
What you doing?
- Ah, probably go
to dinner.
I was gonna see
if you'd come with me.
I probably owe you a dinner.
- Not tonight, not tonight.
Um, but yeah.
- Is it hypocritical
on your part
to be mouthing off
when you're living with a guy
who may be--
I didn't know that Lala
actually paid her own rent,
so yeah, maybe it was
a little bit hypocritical.
- Doesn't matter if I wasn't
paying my own rent.
It's rude.
You were my friend.
- Fine, I apologize
for saying that.
- Lala, what does your
boyfriend make of James,
who's called him
a "fat old man"?
- How would you feel
if someone called you
a fat old man?
- I wouldn't love it.
- You ----ed the fat man
'cause he pays for your rent.
- Stop, stop, stop, stop.
You can't say
whatever the  you want,
so know how the
to talk to somebody
when they're your friend.
I'm out.
- Look, I've apologized for
what I've said about Randall--
- But then you do it again.
But then you do it again,
and I want you to stop.
- I'm sorry again.
- It's not about being--
- Oh, right,
but then I do it again,
so where the  do you
want me to go from here?
- Stop doing it!
- There's nowhere to go.
- It's really simple.
- I've said I will.
I said I will.
- I would never do that to you.
I'll try not to, at least.
- Whatever.
You're dismissed.
- Stassi, you threw
a " Jax" party
for Brittany,
and you invited everybody.
- We're gonna beat the sh--
out of that piñata.
- Oh, yes, we are.
- Oh, my God.
- Was the purpose of the party
to cheer up Brittany
or to dump on Jax?
- We had been hearing
that she was thinking
about moving to Kentucky,
and we all were on
the same page to show her
that he's not the link
between us and Brittany.
Brittany's already our friend.
- And I--like, I've said it
a million times
with all these girls up here.
I probably either
would have went home
or would have been way worse
than I was this summer.
Like, I just can't
thank you guys enough,
because that means everything.
- Thank you guys
for being there for her too.
- We love you, Britt.
- 'Cause she wouldn't be here.
And we wouldn't be sitting
next to each other.
So as much as you guys
hated me...
- And I know you guys
didn't really want me
to get back with him,
but still you have had my back.
You know, no matter what,
you had my back,
and that's, like--that's what
I will always remember.
- Kristen, what did you think
of Jax's argument
that it's his relationship
and nobody else should
meddle in it?
- I think that's just
a bullsh-- excuse
that Jax uses
to shut everyone off
because he doesn't want to hear
what we have to say.
Do I know what it's like
behind closed doors?
No, but Brittany's
my best friend,
so it is our business,
because we care.
- Ariana, you said
that you were 100% sure
that Jax had slept with Faith
multiple times.
- Mm-hmm.
- Faith.
- Faith telling James
and multiple people.
- No, and I swear
on my father--
it happened one time.
- She was chasing him, clearly.
- That's not--
no, no, no.
It's my--
no, no, no, no.
- No, I'm not excusing
your behavior or your actions.
But I'm saying,
as much as she wanted
your gorgeous body, I'm sure,
she also wanted to be part
of this whole situation.
She did.
That's why she taped him.
It was a premeditated move.
- So let me ask this.
She makes this recording.
James, you decide to--
- I sent it to my phone.
- You sent it to your phone.
Why?
- You know, I figured,
like, "Why not?"
You know, it's just like,
I had it on my thing.
- You wanted it
in your back pocket.
- Yeah, I had it
in my ----ing back pocket.
- Do what I would do.
You want it in your back pocket
in case you needed it.
That's what I would have done.
- I didn't even believe Faith
at the time,
because I didn't hear it
until I took it.
So I went into the bathroom
at Sur, sent it to mine,
and I ----ing listened
to the whole thing,
and then I believed it finally.
- Lala, do you regret
playing the tape for Brittany?
- Absolutely not,
because I asked Brittany,
"Do you want to hear this?"
- Lala, if you are sh--faced,
utterly sh--faced,
and I tell you, "I have
a recording of your boyfriend
with some other dude"--
- Yeah, sober--
- Maybe don't be
with another woman!
- No, I know, but, like--
Then there's no recording ever!
- At that point in time,
at a housewarming party,
it's not the right time
for that; let's be real.
- Maybe it wasn't
the right time, but--
- Is there a right time
to stick your d---
in someone who's not
your girlfriend?
- Lala.
- Kristen and Katie
did not run after Stassi
like in the past.
- I miss the days when people
used to run after me.
- She acted like an asshole,
so I treated her
like an asshole.
- Welcome back to the
"Vanderpump Rules" reunion.
I'm Andy Cohen.
Katie, you said if you were
to go on a private jet,
it would be because
you chartered it
and not because of someone's
sugar daddy married boyfriend.
But then I saw you posting
on the private jet.
- I know.
- What made you change
your mind?
- An invitation.
- I said a lot of things
just because I was
a hateful person
and I wanted just to sh--
on her parade.
- Do you regret
being so hard on her?
- I do regret being hateful.
- Lala, Scheana did not
seem happy to hear
that you made up with Katie.
Why do you think she was so
against you patching things up?
- I would--correct me
if I'm wrong.
I feel like
when someone attacks you,
you can forgive it
very easily,
but when someone attacks
someone that you care for,
it's a little bit harder
to forgive.
So I don't know.
I feel like
she and I were friends--
- I just felt like
it wasn't genuine.
I felt Katie was
coming off a season
where she was very negative
towards Lala,
got a lot of sh--
on social media,
was trying to save face
and come back, like,
as this new woman
who's all about peace
and getting along.
- That's a really cynical way
to look at it.
- It felt fake to me
at the time.
- That's what you would do.
- Okay, I'm saying
that's how I felt.
- After Katie remarked about
not wanting to fly
with Lala's married boyfriend,
you went straight to Lala.
Why did you feel the need
to call out Katie?
- Because she was
one of my closest friends,
and if someone's
saying something
about one of
my closest friends,
I'm going to tell them,
as I hope
they would do with me.
- You know
what you were doing.
- Yes, I was repeating
something you said.
- You knew about
the Tom-and-her-friend
whole situation,
and you knew
if she could be mad at me--
- Then maybe
you shouldn't have said it.
- I'm not denying what I said.
I'm denying
what your intentions were
by going to her
and saying that.
- Because you are
in my brain and body,
and you know my intentions.
I'm sorry; I forgot that.
- You seem to know mine
and hers and hers
and everyone else's.
- And now it's better.
You guys are best friends,
so you're welcome.
- Stop throwing
"best friends" around.
I am not in kindergarten.
Are you in junior high?
"You're all best friends,
and now I'm out again."
- Too many people talking
at once.
- So what we're talking
about is,
Lala, you hit back at Katie
with a rumor
that Schwartz,
Katie's husband,
kissed another girl.
- I went to high school
with her.
She knows
exactly who I am.
I'm friends with her
on Facebook.
She knows
I'm married to him.
She came up to him and said,
"Hi, I know you,
and I'm friends with Lala."
- I understand,
but at the end of the day,
she's not married to you,
so let's remember, Schwartzy--
- Whoa.
I didn't say anything.
I'm not putting the blame
on her.
I accept responsibility.
And, by the way, to this day,
I promise you guys
I do not remember that.
- Katie, do you believe
that he doesn't remember it?
- Yeah.
- I was utterly hammered.
And listen, in the past,
like, I said,
I mean, we had a lot
relationship issues.
And, unfortunately, in, like,
the most cowardly way,
I was trying
to sabotage my relationship.
is wrong with you?
- I love doing that.
- Oh, Jax.
- Jax, were you secretly happy
that you were out
of the hot seat?
- Yes, of course.
But I wish it could have been
something else.
Obviously, there was
a lot of heat going on
with Brittany and I,
and I was just looking for
anything at that moment,
but of course, no,
I didn't want that.
I mean, it could have
been anything.
- Katie, you got over it
pretty quickly.
How did this happen?
- I try to see bigger picture
and just say, "How important
is this in my life?
"How much am I going
to subscribe to this?
How much am I going
to put myself into this?"
- Wow.
- I think we spend
too much time
worrying about sh--
that doesn't matter,
because life is very short,
and tomorrow's
not promised, so...
- If you can move on
from it,
then do your best
to move on from it.
- James, did Schwartz get
off the hook too easily?
- Look...
- You can say it.
- All right, I just think,
you know,
you're the only one
that's married, bro,
so it's just like
another level.
And I know you blacked you
and you don't remember,
and I know she seduced you,
but the answer's yes.
That's what I think.
A little too easy, but hey.
- So and then to have
the conversation at Sur
in front of everyone--
- I was trying
to make it, like,
as private and discreet
and respectful as possible
by being like,
"I found out about this.
Please bring this up
to Katie in private."
- I wanted to just click
my heels and disappear.
Just to see her hurt
after how much
we've been through
and worked through,
I felt like a possum's prick.
I felt this big.
- A possum's prick.
- I was watching "Smokey and
the Bandit" the other night.
But anyways, I've always loved
falling apart in moderation.
I think it's good
for the mind, body, soul.
- I--
- Do you ever consider
cutting back on drinking?
- Of course.
It's not like I'm
getting hammered every day.
I'm not hitting the bot--
When I do drink,
I drink hard, but--
- There's no excuse
for drinking that much.
Did you see him in Mexico?
Blackout drunk.
- Last night is, like--
it's a blur.
I remember bits and pieces,
like I remember, you know,
tequila shots,
lots of tequila shots.
I remember James shirtless.
I remember, like, penis flutes.
I remember dancing...
and kissing.
Um, and then--yeah.
From there, it just sort of--
I don't know what happened
after that.
- That's the blacking out
that scares me,
because there's so many things
that could've happened to you.
You're in a foreign country.
People get kidnapped, killed.
You could have gone
into the ocean and drowned.
- So, Katie,
how have things been
with you and Schwartz
relating to the drinking?
- Um, it's been good.
Like he's been handling himself
pretty well, not doing shots.
- People just come up,
and they buy us shots,
and Schwartz has
a really hard time
telling people no.
- If they're saying
you have a hard time
turning down shots,
we're gonna role-play.
I'm a patron.
I'm at Tom Tom.
- I just bought two shots.
- Yeah.
Oh, my God, Tom, I love you.
I love Tom Tom.
I love the show.
Here, I bought you a shot.
- All right, I'll do one.
- Okay.
- Dude.
- Tom, I'm telling you.
I would sever a relationship
if I had a partner
that gets so drunk,
he's blacked out on the floor,
making out with somebody.
It's not gonna happen
in our new restaurant.
It's not going to happen.
I'm telling you that now.
- Okay, it's time to talk about
one of everybody's favorite
national holidays,
one which Ariana is blessed
to share.
That's Stassi's birthday.
- Oh, please!
It was--wait, if I say
it was mine first,
that means
I'm just telling everybody
I'm older than you.
- You went to
a Hollywood prop house.
You went all out
for your murder party.
And your boyfriend
doesn't bother to dress up.
- Oh, my gosh!
Honestly, I feel
like I'm in "Saw."
That is where
it crosses the line.
- Of all the things.
Of all the horrible things
he said the entire season--
- That's worse!
- Not even bothering
to dress up for your party
is kind of, like, number one.
- It was so sh---y.
It made me really sad.
- Katie offered you
an ass shot.
You turned into a nun
and refused it.
Did Patrick's presence
play into your mind that much?
- I was so worked up
during my birthday party,
just trying to...
- The answer is yes.
- Make everyone happy,
knowing that Patrick was there,
wanting him to be happy.
And then I hadn't been able
to talk to him the whole night,
and then I finally sit down
with him,
and I'm wasted,
dressed as a dead person,
and Katie comes out
and just says,
"Do you want to do this?"
And I just lost it.
- I don't know.
You know when you're so
intoxicated and on edge.
- But the interesting thing is,
Kristen and Katie
did not run after Stassi,
like in the past.
That was a powerful moment.
- I miss the days
when people used to
run after me.
- That was our old friendship.
We all had our time apart
and a break from each other,
and when we came back
to our friendship,
we're like,
"We're not gonna have
"the same friendship anymore.
It's gonna be different."
And that does not include
chasing after her
and coddling her
when she needs to be,
you know, talked down
from a tantrum she's having.
- Wow, it's a new strategy.
- She acted like an asshole,
so I treated her
like an asshole.
- Yeah.
- I think Adam's cute,
of course.
I mean, I think
he's very handsome.
a cute guy?
- I do.
- Yeah.
a man.
- Welcome back to the
"Vanderpump Rules" reunion.
Schwartz, how long did it take
to do your hair today?
- It looks great.
- Yeah.
- You just have one
that keeps falling down.
- Jimmy Neutron, dude.
No.
- For real.
- It's got good volume.
- Thank you.
- James is a little jealous.
- I'm ----ing so jealous.
- He has naturally curly hair.
- James, are you not feeling
good about your hair tonight?
- Yeah.
- It was that last time.
I told you that last sweep.
I told you it was perfect.
- But I feel like you're
the OG of that hair.
- It's all right.
He can have it tonight.
- Lisa, last year,
you fired James
from Sur and Pump.
What made you give him
another chance?
- I knew that he had
to hold himself accountable
for his actions,
and I have to say
he has been there
twice a week,
Tuesdays and Thursdays, right?
His Tuesday nights
have been a great success.
[people cheering
and music blaring]
♪ ♪
- The white Kanye, make it
back to SUR bitch.
- Any hesitation or reticence
about the name of his event,
See You Next Tuesday?
- Oh, listen,
I've got a sense of humor.
I think it's brilliant,
actually.
- It really is good.
- Yeah, yeah,
Tuesdays are really great,
and Thirsty Thursdays, yeah,
but I call it
Thirsty Sursdays.
- That's cute.
We got to meet your father
this season.
- Hey.
- Hi!
- Just keeping it gangster.
- London gangster.
- You said
that in your London days,
he was quite the
man about town.
- Yeah, even I was wondering,
what's that like?
- Because he was like that
with George Michael, you know,
and he used to go everywhere
with him,
and George Michael was at
the top of his game.
- So George Michael was
your godfather.
He managed him in the '80s.
Did you spend holidays with him
as a kid?
- Oh, yeah, like, all holidays,
you know?
And then, like, eventually
he moved to California,
so we would visit,
like, the house here.
- When he passed away,
it was reported
that he gave a lot of his money
to his godchildren.
Did you--
- That's all still, like,
in, like, works.
I can't even comment on that,
'cause I have no idea.
- Is your dad still--
- Dad's still living in England
but hopefully making moves
this year to come back.
He just wants to be close
to his kids and--
- How many siblings
do you have?
- Two brothers.
Two little brothers.
- Yeah, very, very.
- What is it about your dad,
seeing him and him reappearing,
that made you so emotional?
- I don't know;
he's like my best friend,
to see him, like, hurt
or, like, to see how far
it's all come,
from living in London
and then, like,
moving to America
and everything with George,
you know, not being able
to really solidify something
before him passing,
you know, just really weird
how it all just goes down.
It's just been a long road,
so it's just, like,
hard to see.
And, um...
- It's been tough,
what your parents
have been through.
- Yeah, been real tough.
- That's taken a toll on James.
- Yeah, and it's just
really cool
to be able to, like,
have him see, like,
you know,
how good I've been doing.
- Kristen,
have you ever seen James be
as vulnerable and emotional
as when he was talking
about his dad?
- Yeah, it was
really hard to watch.
They were not going through
the divorce
when we were dating,
but they were going through
hard times,
and I feel like--
and I hope you don't
take this offensively.
I felt like,
at that time, like,
there was a lot of pressure
on three kids,
'cause I even saw him
as sort of a kid,
even though we were dating,
and he was, like, ten years
younger than me, right?
But it felt like there was
always a lot of pressure
and a lot of weight
on three young boys
that wasn't their problem.
And I know that that was
really hard for him.
- Scheana, you know,
Jax really pissed you off
when he told people
that Rob said
that he didn't love you.
And you retaliated a little bit
by setting Brittany up
with Adam.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Hi, honey.
How are you doing?
- So Brittany was
still living with Jax.
They were still together.
So why introduce her
to another guy?
- We all were just
going out one night.
I was just trying to
introduce Adam to the group.
I wasn't, again, trying
to set them up.
It wasn't like, "Brittany,
if you and Jax are together,
I want you to cheat on him."
- No, no, no, no,
it was retaliatory.
- Wait, but you said
on camera that it was,
that you were like,
"If he's gonna
"with my relationship,
then I'm gonna
with his."
- I say dumb sh-- sometimes,
same as we all do.
I was simply saying, "Look,
if this doesn't work out"--
- Yeah, "Look how cute he is,
and let me invite him."
- Jax,
watching Brittany with Adam,
did you think she did
anything inappropriate?
- No, she didn't.
Not at all.
He's actually
a really nice guy.
He actually pulled me aside
in the bathroom.
He's like, "Hey, man, Scheana
told me to talk to her,"
and he's like,
"Dude, I'm not interested.
If that's your girlfriend,
that's"--
He was actually polite
about it.
And I thought
you were my friend,
so for you to do that--
- But I told you
that I would always
choose her over you
when you were in the wrong.
We had this conversation
the day after she drove--
- But to bring another guy
in there?
I mean, for what?
- I don't think
she ever thought,
"I'm gonna bring
another guy in
to swoop Brittany up."
It was all about
letting Britany know
you should still
have confidence,
because you're
a bangin' bitch.
- I've said this 17 times.
I wanted her to just see
that there are other men
in this world other than you,
because you were treating her
like sh--,
and it was like, "Look, there
are other guys out there."
- I think Adam's cute,
of course.
- Yeah, he's cute.
- Yeah, you can't deny that.
a cute guy?
Nobody.
- I do.
- Yeah.
- No, I want a ----ing man.
- Don't worry.
- When we come back,
Sur's newest hostess,
Billie Lee, will join us.
- But Billie, you know,
suddenly she's excited about
being asked out on a date,
and then suddenly you guys
put a damper on it.
- I had no idea
that it hurt your feelings.
- When I'm about to go
on a date with him,
you don't think
that's a big deal?
♪ ♪
- Welcome back to the
"Vanderpump Rules" reunion.
And joining us
is Sur's newest hostess,
Billie Lee.
Hi, Billie Lee.
- Hi.
Tell me a little bit
about your background,
your childhood.
- I grew up in Indiana,
and I felt the shame
in my town
and with my parents.
And I decided to make
the change
and really transition
when I moved to LA.
- Have you had difficulty
finding workplaces
where you feel included
and accepted?
- Yeah, I was trying to get
a job as a server,
and you have to have, like,
your headshot and everything.
And I was
in the awkward stage.
"Is that a boy?
Is that a girl?"
And, you know, it happens a lot
in the trans community.
If people are in between
or if they're expressing
their masculine energy
a little bit more than others,
people don't give them
the same opportunity.
- Is that an LA thing,
that you have to have
a headshot
to get a job as a waiter?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- You know, Sur is historically
a difficult place
for new girls.
But you seem to have been
welcomed with open arms.
- Yeah, I've fallen in love
with so many people.
it's like now
they're my family.
- So nice from the very first
time I ever met her,
just so nice and so kind.
- Yeah, you have
amazing energy.
- I have to admit
I was fascinated
when you openly discussed
going to Thailand
for a vagina.
What was that
shopping process like?
- It was so weird.
I'd never even seen a vagina.
Like, I've never been
with a woman.
At the time, I was--
I'd never seen a vagina,
and so shopping for it
was really weird.
- Are you sure "shopping for
it" is the right terminology?
- I know you and I have both
shopped for Chanel bags.
You know when it's right, Lisa.
Come on.
- Actually, I looked at porn
so I could say what vagina
looks really nice.
So porn was my reference.
- Well, those vaginas
are normally edited, right?
- Well, I wanted
an edited, pretty vagina.
- Lisa, do you love your vagina
as much as Billie Lee
loves hers?
- Probably not.
I didn't choose mine.
I was born with it.
I guess Ken does.
- Right.
- Hopefully.
- Billie Lee, what was
your first impression
of Stassi when you met her?
- She was nice, actually, yeah.
- She invited you to be
on her podcast,
but Ariana warned you
that she could be ignorant.
Why did you think
Stassi was ignorant?
- That came from something
that Stassi had said
on her podcast.
She was like,
"Well, I don't know why
those people"...
- "Those"--oh, my God.
- "Always make awards shows
into a thing
about politics and race."
I hope you school Stassi's ass
on her ----ing privilege,
because this bitch actually
takes pride in being ignorant.
- You said
someone should school
her white, privileged ass.
- Yeah.
- And I knew Billie was
the kind of person
who would do that
in the most kindhearted
and wonderful way.
- No, I don't think
she's a bigot,
and I never called her racist.
- And I never said "racist"
either.
- No, no, no, no.
Billie and I had spoken
so deeply
about these exact types
of things,
but I knew that Billie was
the person to handle it
in the best way possible,
and I think she really did.
- Lisa, you were
on Stassi's podcast.
What do you think
of her interviewing skills?
- Well, I'd had
a couple of drinks,
so, you know, she took me
at a weak moment.
Everything was pretty good
until she asked me
something like,
"Would you rather swim in sh--
or, I don't know, eat dead"--
something ridiculous.
- It was like sh--
or dead bodies.
- Yeah, like, what has that
got to do with anything?
You have a limited amount
of time.
Ask me something else.
- Billie Lee, how are things
with Ariana's brother, Jeremy?
Are you still dating?
- We hang out, for sure.
I kick it with him.
- Yo, so what do you got
going on later this week?
- Work and yoga.
- I was thinking
maybe we could go
grab a drink or something,
get some food and hang out.
- Yeah.
I'm down, yeah.
- Kristen,
when Billie Lee told you
she was going out with Jeremy,
you said,
"Is it in a public place?"
- Yeah.
- Because I thought
he just wanted to bang her,
based on my--not my personal
experience with Jeremy,
'cause Jeremy's never tried
to bang me.
I did witness him hitting on
a bunch of chicks.
- Stassi,
you called him "creepy"
and said that he tried to
hit on you at Katie's wedding.
- Stop it.
We're good.
- Most guys have had
their moments
where they go
from girl to girl to girl,
and you're like,
"Dude, I just told you
that I'm in a relationship"
or "I just told you no."
And everyone's drinking
too much, and that happens--
- And it's creepy.
- That is a creepy thing.
- For Billie, you know,
suddenly she's excited about
being asked out on a date,
and then suddenly you guys
put a damper on it.
- I had no idea
that it hurt your feelings.
- When I'm about to go
on a date with him,
you don't think
that's a big deal?
- No, of course, of course.
I wish you would have
said something.
- I was thrown off by it,
because he was so kind,
and everyone that we
hung out with were so nice,
and I loved hanging out
with him.
I've never got a creepy vibe.
So when you guys told me that,
I was like, "What?
I mean, I was excited,
and then it was like, "Oh."
- So you still hang out
with Jeremy.
Are you dating anyone?
- No, I am single, yes.
- Has your dating life improved
since you've been on the show?
- No.
- I have to think
that things are gonna look up.
- They're gonna come a-running.
- I think you'll be all right.
- Yeah, things are looking up.
- Congratulations.
Well, thanks for joining us,
Billie Lee.
We'll be right back.
- I don't think there's one way
to be a feminist.
- #MeToo.
- No, Jax.
- I thought it was
for women power!
- That's not
what it means.
- We're back with the
"Vanderpump Rules" reunion.
Jax, we saw you trying to work
on yourself this season.
You went to a reiki master
named Kelsey.
Does the tapping really work?
- I don't know.
- Repeat after me.
I have all this anger.
- I have all this anger.
- So I burst out.
- And I hurt people.
- It seemed like it really
became therapy for you.
- I don't like anything I saw.
She was telling you
that you weren't into Brittany
and that you were trying
to come up with reasons
to leave her,
and it was gross.
The things she said to you
were so inappropriate.
- She seemed like
just massaging his ego.
- You need to let her go.
- Yeah.
"Don't go on this trip.
Why are you even going?"
- She doesn't even know
what she's talking about.
She doesn't know
any of the background,
so how dare you say that?
- She talked to you,
and her voice,
it was like she changed
her voice to a sex operator.
- Then they would hug
for way too long.
- Jax, how did you start saying
"I love you" to her?
- To the reiki--to Kelsey.
- I'm really, really proud
of you.
- Thank you.
- Really proud of you.
- Thank you. Love you.
Talk to you
in, like, a week or so.
- Okay, sounds good, honey.
- Okay, bye.
See you later.
Oh!
She always makes me happy.
I did say that?
- Yeah.
- It was also kind of stunning
watching you lay out croissants
and incest and--
- I'm sorry.
I mean lay out incense
when she was coming over.
- She's coming to my house.
I wanted to make my house
look presentable.
- You guys are putting the most
salacious slant on this.
- Oh, stop it.
- There was nothing sexual
about it.
- Come on.
That's bullsh--.
- Guys.
It was quite a moment
when you asked Kelsey
to call you by your real name,
Jason.
Why let a reiki specialist
who you really had just known
for a couple months
use your real name
and your girlfriend...
- Because I'm trying to get
to the bottom--
- You've never let her do this.
- No, she--
- You've never asked her to--
- I mean, I call you--
I try to call you "Jason"
around your parents,
but you never asked me
to call me.
- Brittany,
did that threaten you?
Or how did you feel about that?
- No.
She always calls me
by my real name.
- Back then, whenever
I was hearing about it,
I didn't think
anything of it.
Watching it where she was
just like, "Oh!"
Like, it turned into heart eyes
or something.
When you said that,
it was like googly eyes.
It was like the heart emoji
in real life.
- Kristen, after all you girls
tried to get Brittany
to leave Jax,
you flew her mom
and her sister out.
Why?
- She kept saying
she wanted to go home,
and right around this time,
when I chose to fly
her family out,
she just kept expressing, like,
"I want my mama.
I just want to come home."
And I seriously, seriously
got nervous
that she would go back
to Kentucky and not come back.
So I'm like,
"If Brittany needs her mama,
her mama's coming here."
- Jax, were you more irritated
that Kristen blindsided you
or that you had to sit down
and face...
- Yeah.
- I wanted to deal
with this internally.
I wanted to make this just
her and us,
and I didn't want
to have everybody know
and everybody get involved
and everybody chime in with
what they were dealing with,
because I just felt like,
"I'm never gonna get a say
in anything."
And then, you know,
her decisions would be just
messed up because she's being
influenced by everybody else.
That's what I thought.
- When you took her mom
and her sister out,
you started the meal by saying,
"I don't wanna bash Brittany."
Then you go on to complain
that she sleeps until 1:00
and she eats all day.
Are you that much more
productive than she is?
- No, I'm not.
I was just looking for reasons
to, like--resentment.
just cowardly reasons
to start arguments,
to start fights, to--
- Brittany, you know
this sh
- No, I do.
- As this is being said
out loud, even though--
- No, I know.
- I don't want you
to go back to this place
and ever thinking that any of
that bullsh-- is true.
- No, I know.
I know.
No matter what happened, like,
I know I didn't deserve
what I went through.
I know that.
- Lisa, what was your reaction
to Sherri forgiving Jax
so quickly?
- I'm not happy with myself,
not even a little bit.
- That makes me sad.
- It makes me sad too.
I'm a selfish, terrible person.
- I'll give you
a second chance,
and I don't, you know,
give up on you.
And you know I love you.
- Well, I was surprised,
but I think she's got
very much the quality
that Brittany's inherited
from her.
- That's just my mom.
She's the best woman
I've ever known,
best woman
I think I ever will know.
She taught me to forgive.
She taught me to be
a good person
and just treat everybody fairly
and just try to see the best
in everybody.
And some people might think
that's a bad thing,
but I'm proud of my mom,
and I'm proud of the person
that I am.
- She's amazing.
- So if I choose to be happy
and positive,
then that's better
than being negative
and holding in big grudges
your whole life.
They end up with tumors
that way, not me.
- Lala, you spoke a lot
about feminism this season.
It was a goal of yours
to unite all the women.
You talked about
"power to the pussy."
What is your definition
of feminism?
- It's different
to everybody else's.
That's for sure.
- Yeah, and I don't think
there's one way
to, you know, portray
being a feminist.
For me, the female body
is beautiful,
and if you want to bring
your tits out
to do this, that,
and the other,
you just do you, boo.
- Well, Lisa, do you agree
with Lala's idea
of New Age feminism?
- Well, not exactly.
I mean, I love Lala,
but, I mean,
she's not exactly
the quintessential feminist
if she's talking about,
"Well, I give a BJ,
and I get the jewelry"
and all that.
That's not exactly, you know--
- Well, keep in mind
I'm blowing my boyfriend.
I'm not blowing
some random guy.
- I know, but it's
a bit of an oxymoron.
But I do adore her,
and a lot of it is said
with humor.
- To your point, Lala,
a lot of feminists
may not agree...
- Exactly.
- With your idea of feminism
since you drive a car
that is paid for by your guy.
And you have been known
to body shame other women,
like Katie and Stassi
last year.
You told them
that they haven't been working
on their summer bodies.
- Yes.
- How do these things fit
into your brand of girl power?
- When I feel like
I'm under attack
and backed in a corner,
I go for whatever is, like,
your biggest insec--
- That's what I do too,
but you judge me so hard.
- I'm speaking.
- Stop, James.
- But that's exactly--
- I'm speaking.
- It's the same thing.
Thank you.
- But it's the same thing.
- Stassi, what's your take
on Lala's feminism?
- It's not my brand of feminism
but it's hers,
so that's her truth.
That's her--yeah.
- And I'm not asking anyone
to take on my brand of--
I've never considered myself
a feminist.
I just consider myself
giving power to the pussy,
to be honest.
- Well...
Ariana, what do you think
about women
who use their looks
to get stuff given to them?
- I think you have
the power
to do whatever you want
with whatever you have.
I think that's part of
what being a feminist
or being a woman
or being whoever is all about.
- I think the confidence and
everything that she portrays
and she talks about with, like,
women and everything,
I think that's great because
whenever I gained weight
and I had so many grown women
commenting on me
about how fat I was or,
you know, anything like that,
it's really, really hard.
And I think women need
to support each other
and lift each other up
and not tear each other down
and--
especially when you don't even
know the person.
You don't know what anybody's
going through ever,
so you should never judge.
- #MeToo.
- He didn't mean it
in that sense.
- I don't think he understands
what he's saying.
- I don't think you're the guy
to--
- Doesn't that mean that--
- No, Jax.
- No.
- It's okay.
- I thought it was
for women power.
I thought it was
for women power!
- That's not what it means.
- Never mind.
I'll explain it to you later.
- We'll tell you at lunch.
- Thank you for being there
for me
and not giving up hope.
- Katie and Tom,
you seem to be dealing
with your anger
differently, Katie.
Or you don't seem as angry, or
you're drinking less tequila,
or what is happening?
- A lot of things, I guess.
I definitely took inventory
of my life
and what was important.
When I just became more loving
and accepting of myself,
I became an easier person
to love.
And I wanted, you know, us
to have more respect,
and I love him
so, so, so much.
- Does Schwartz's dick
work better this season?
- Oh, thank you, Andy.
Nice, nice.
Classy.
- Yeah, she knocked the dust
off the other day.
- There's some cobwebs,
but, you know...
- Schwartz, how do you feel
about her new rational side?
- I feel comfortable saying
this sitting right next to you,
because we're in a better place
than we've ever been,
and I love you so much,
but for a long time,
she was a nightmare
of a human being.
And I was--
- No, of course not.
- No.
- Katie, a lot of us
were very moved
watching the old video of you
after your accident.
Tell me what happened.
- In 2009, I was at
my friend's apartment,
and we decided
to go on the roof.
We were taking pictures.
I said, "Hey,
look at this skylight."
So I sat on the edge of it,
and it ended up breaking,
and I fell.
It was about 25 feet.
And I broke my shoulder,
collarbone,
pretty much all of my ribs,
my jaw in two places,
and I had a brain injury,
a subdural hematoma,
which is bleeding
between the brain
and, like,
what surrounds the brain,
which is very serious.
- That video you made,
even back then, was--
I couldn't stop crying.
- Doctors all around me,
poking me, asking me questions,
what my name is.
My stitches were just
open, gaping wounds.
And it's really attractive.
I've even missing some teeth.
Hey!
Everything has been put
into perspective.
- It was surreal watching it.
I hadn't seen it
for a long time,
and that was seven days
after it happened,
and you could see,
obviously, I was--
- You were, like,
full-on Kanye West.
- Do you think the accident
affected your anger issues?
- Oh, 100%, and I ignored it,
and I didn't want to talk
about it to people.
I didn't want to talk
about depression.
- I've always been fascinated
with how, you know,
simultaneously fragile
and resilient we are,
the human bodies and the mind.
And, you know, I was
an exercise physiology major.
I'm no--I'm no neurologist
or anything like that, but--
- So anyways, in the back
of my mind, during some of
the more tumultuous phases
in our relationship,
you know,
that was a consideration.
And it's such a hard thing.
How do you even bring that up?
- I always wanted her to tell
her story, though,
because I felt that it was
such a kind of important part
of her life,
but I never felt
that she played the victim.
A lot of people would draw back
on that and say,
"Well, this is what happened
to me, and this is why"--
But she never did that.
I mean, she barely ever
mentioned it.
So I'm happy that you actually
got to share that story.
- I didn't want to.
I had a bad relationship
with myself and my body,
and that affected
my relationship with him
and all of my friends.
And in the last year,
I realized
I've not been happy
for a long time.
And I'd done a lot of work
on myself,
and I was really proud
as to how far I'd come
to just accept myself again.
But I could not be happier.
- It was such a magical moment,
seeing her
finally regain full control
of who I knew she was
and who I fell in love with
in the first place.
It was like--it was just
a little moment
in our apartment, but it was
such a special moment.
Oh, my angel.
- It feels so good.
It feels so good.
- I know.
- It feels so good
to feel good about myself.
- Yeah. I knew
she was always in there.
It's good to have
yourself back.
- That conversation
that you guys had
in your apartment
was one of
the most moving things
I've ever maybe seen.
- It was six years
in the making, five years.
And then we had been
to hell and back.
- It was amazing to see.
- It just felt like
such a turning point
in our relationship,
and--yeah.
I love you.
I'm glad we--
- Thank you for being there
for me...
- Of course.
- And not giving up hope.
- And thank you
for not giving up on me
and putting up
with my sh-- too.
Yeah, I love you.
- Thank you for sharing that.
Next week,
the dramatic conclusion
of the "Vanderpump Rules"
reunion.
- We've all worked at Sur.
We haven't quit.
She comes back, and you hand
her a position of power?
She should have had to waitress
like the rest of us.
- A rumor emerged
that James and Kristen
hooked up together.
- That's a giant
bullsh-- rumor.
- He full-on admitted it
at the golf course.
- No, I didn't!
- I get dumped in the end.
It was hard. It was
really, really ----ed up.
are you doing, man?
- I honestly thought
I was doing the right thing.
- Then why did you
hook up with her?
- When your relationship's
this unpredictable,
you should take contraception.
Let me buy you a condom.
- Shut up. She called you
a whore for years.
- Stop telling me to shut up.
- Now you're best friends
with her.
- She's so dramatic.
I can't even take it.
- I don't like when he just--
I'm sorry.
- Shut up, Kristen.
- Yes, I was talking to James.
Listen to me.
- All right, buh-bye.
Adios.
- To see more
of "Vanderpump Rules," go to: